MY NOTES FOR ALL LECTURES:
IMPORTANT NOTES:
1. To run my App I need to be in the correct directory as in the same folder as the node modules and package.json.


SECTION 1:

L7:
$ npm create-react-app [ name of project ]

L10:

cd into [ jsx ]
$ npm start

Stopping the React app:
Press Control + c at the terinal

Starting the app up in the future:
in the project directory run:
$ npm start

Once app started, visit: localhost:3000

Possible errors during npm start:
1. Port in use message (2 apps running same time);
2. localhost:3000 doesn't work (for security reason sometimes this can be blocked). To resolve this issue, when React app starts it
displays 2 addresses that you can use to connect. One local and one network address. Use the network address instead,
example http://192.168.1.187:3000

L11: JS Module Systems:

Delete all existing files from src folder (these were auto generated by create react app command).
Create new file called index.js
Refresh and will see white screen.

L12:
Import statements x2.

L13:
3 steps for create a react component and display on screen.
Refresh the browser to pick up the changes.

SECTION 2:

L16: What is JSX:

Make use of dependencies called Babel to take my ES6 code and convert to ES5 and also to process JSX as well 

L17: Converting Styling to JSX Format:

L18: Inline Styling with JSX:

Convert HTML to JSX:
HTML:
<div style="background-color:red;"></div>
JSX: JavaScript object
<div style={{ backgroundColor: 'red'}}></dive>

Update the button tag style property to JSX.

L19: Converting Styling to JSX Format:
Converted to JSX:
<button style={{ backgroundColor: 'blue', color: 'white' }}>Submit</button>

Within the btn tag can use dbl quote instead of single as its flexible. Lecture using dbl quotes for all his JSX properties.

L20 Class vs ClassName:
Adding a calss to an element uses differnt syntax.
For JSX we not suppose to use class inside of lable tag (we not trying to define a new class) but className as avoid collison of the keyword of class as below:
ES20 class:
class App extends React.Component

L21 Referencing JS Variables in JSX:
JSX can reference JS variales. Take a JS variable and print it inside of our JSX block.
With a pair of braces we can easily reference different JS variables inside of our JSX. 
Can be a little more complext i.e:

function getButtonText() {
    return 'Click on me!';
}

Then inside of my button tag, I can call this fn.

L22 Values JSX Can't Show:
What JS variables we can use inside of JSX - limitations.
The braces used inside of the button tag is NOT to represent a JS object but JS variable.
Different types of JS Variables we can reference inside of JSX:
We can reference other types of variables other than a string (i.e. 'Click me'), i.e. a number, or an array of strings or numbers.
a plain JS object:

const buttonText = { text: 'Click me' };

Will get error msge:
Objects are not valid as a React child (found: object with keys {text})...

To fix this: use .text inside of the braces to refer to the text property of this object.
{buttonTest.text}

I want to reference a JS variable for this style within the btn tag. And the value I want to pass-in is this JS object.

L23 Finding Forbidden Property Names:

How to find out some of the differences between HTML and JSX.
React will look at my different properties that I'm passing to elements inside of my JSX blocks.
Chrome -> Inspect -> Console -> Warning msg: I'm trying to pass-in an invalid property.
My label tag has an attribute of 'for' and React don't want to deal with that, wants me to replace it with: htmlFor
Some browsers or tooling may incorrectly interpret it as traditional JS 'for loop'. 
Its best practice to keep your Console tab in Inspect open as anytime I see a Warning msg from React like that I should investigate -
normally means I've accidentally used invalid name somewhere inside of my JSX.

L24 Exercise Intro:
We printed out some JS variables braces.

The Exercise Editor.
To solve the problem I only need to change one line of code.
Read the problem statement at the top. When changed the one line of code, click the Check Solution btn below.

CODING EXERCISE 1: Test our Knowledge: JSX Interpolation:
 on separate file: L24-CodingEx.jsx


L25 Exercise Solution:
I changed the h3 tag code to display the current time by calling the 'getTime' fn using a pair of braces syntax.

SECTION 3:
L26 Three Tenets of Components:
3 Tenets of the React Ecosystem and they going to govern how we design React apps.

Component Nesting:
A component can be shown inside of another.

Component Resuability:
We want to make components that can be easily reused through out app.

Component Configuration:
We should be able to configure a component when it is created.

_________

Component Nesting:
For React app we normally make many different components when we make many different components. We then nest them to make an actual usable React app.
For example, we may need to customise two different button that look the same but they need to do different things?

L27 Application Overview:
Develop a small app to show what the above different terms mean.
See the mockup and then generate a new project to build this small app.

Mockup:
Make a couple of React Components that are going to generate what looks like a list of comments - a blog post or a song or a news article.
Need to make sure we can display: image, date/time posted, the comment text. All 3 comments look very similar. The only difference is in the
text: different name, date/time, content for each comment. All styling looks almost identical.
JSX that will make a list of comments that looks like the mockup.
We start with developing in a non best practice way then do the opposite - create separate Components = Best Practice way.

Now generate a new project:

$ create-react-app components

L28 Semantic UI CDN Link:
Put in our index.html file:
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/semantic-ui/2.4.1/semantic.min.css">

L29 Getting Some Free Styling:
Change into the new project directory (components), then start up my React server with:
$ npm start










