README.md, before:

# Modern React with Redux [2020 Update]

This is the Udemy online React.js training course that I have been studying around my full time job as a Junior Software Engineer for a defence contrator in Gloucester, England.

July 2022: its been a while since I've had time working on this training course due to my full time job as Software Engineer. Therefore, I am starting again from the top.

## About

I had purchased this course from Undemy [Modern React with Redux - 2020 Update](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-redux/)
This course has had recent updates and has many postitive reviews and ratings.

During this courses I am learning to use various different libraries which I have found very useful.

How I have approched this course is top to bottom and I have a mentor that has been helping me when needed. I am enjoy lerning React and Redux for frontend software development as I am from UX Design background.

## React apps

1. Blog Posts
   This React App is a web page of a number of blog posts. Each posts is develop with reusable components. This App demonstrates how the React Props System works, e.g. parent component passes data to child component but not directly the other way.

## Available Scripts

For most of the web apps i develop during this course, node modules is needed to be installed using the below command:

### `npm --install`

Then inside of the project directory, you will need the start the application using the below command:

### `npm start`

This commands runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### Frameworks, libraries and tools:

See indivdual web application.

Commit message:

Amended README file and completed lectures 1 and 2

README.md, after:

# Modern React with Redux [2020 Update]

December 2022: there has been some major updates to this course such as new Apps, hence why the date for this course has changed to 2023 Update. Therefore, I am now starting from the begining. For some lectures I may just need to watch the video again without taking any new notes/code with the lectures. Other lectures that has had major updates, I will redo those lectures.

July 2022: its been a while since I've had time working on this training course due to my full time job as Software Engineer. Therefore, I am starting again from the top.

This is the Udemy online React.js training course that I have been studying around my full time job as a Junior Software Engineer for a defence contrator in Gloucester, England.

## About

I had purchased this course from Undemy [Modern React with Redux - 2020 Update](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-redux/)
This course has had recent updates and has many postitive reviews and ratings.

During this courses I am learning to use various different libraries which I have found very useful.

How I have approched this course is top to bottom and I have a mentor that has been helping me when needed. I am enjoy lerning React and Redux for frontend software development as I am from UX Design background.

## React apps

1. Blog Posts
   This React App is a web page of a number of blog posts. Each posts is develop with reusable components. This App demonstrates how the React Props System works, e.g. parent component passes data to child component but not directly the other way.

## Available Scripts

For most of the web apps i develop during this course, node modules is needed to be installed using the below command:

### `npm --install`

Then inside of the project directory, you will need the start the application using the below command:

### `npm start`

This commands runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### Frameworks, libraries and tools:

See indivdual web application.
